Support for v2 auth tokens (i.e. MSAL) (#14403)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/index.html.markdown

~> **Note:** The Files & Table Storage API's do not support authenticating via AzureAD and will continue to use a SharedKey to access the API's.

> * `use_msal` - (Optional) When `true`, and when using service principal authentication, the provider will obtain [v2 authentication tokens](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#token-formats-and-ownership) from the Microsoft Identity Platform. This behaviour will be the default in version 3.0 of the AzureRM Provider. Has no effect when authenticating via Managed Identity or the Azure CLI. Can also be set via the `ARM_USE_MSAL` or `ARM_USE_MSGRAPH` environment variables.

Reviewer: two things:

1. removing `en-us` here will redirect to the users locale
2. we should pull the behavioural change out to a note

```suggestion
* `use_msal` - (Optional) When `true`, and when using service principal authentication, the provider will obtain [v2 authentication tokens](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#token-formats-and-ownership) from the Microsoft Identity Platform. Has no effect when authenticating via Managed Identity or the Azure CLI. Can also be set via the `ARM_USE_MSAL` or `ARM_USE_MSGRAPH` environment variables.

-> **Note:** This will behaviour will be defaulted on in version 3.0 of the AzureRM (with no opt-out) due to [the deprecation of Azure Active Directory Graph](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-migration).
```
